My name is Alice and I really cant stand Carol. Lately she's been so passive aggressive and shitty to me. I can't wait to tell her I slept with her husband last winter. 

I hate this Alice biotch, always stealing my coffee mug...

Today Carol literally tried to trip me. So I called her a hussy and slapped her across the face. So during her lunch break SHE KEYED MY VOLVO. I really think I'm gonna lose it. I've been thinking about buying a gun...

Carol's husband Greg broke down and told Carol about the affair during some huge fight. She drove drunk over to my apartment and started banging on the door yelling. I decided to let her in thinking we could probably just talk it out and maybe even start working towards being friends again. She immediately started trying to strangle me and got pretty close. But as she pushed me to the ground she knocked down a steak knife. I grabbed it and stuck it in her neck. She gurgled wide eyed, and fell over.
Today Carol literally tried to trip me. So I called her a hussy and slapped her across the face. So during her lunch break SHE KEYED MY VOLVO. I really think I'm gonna lose it. I've been thinking about buying a gun... 

What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
